Welcome to Magick.Me, an online school that focuses on ancient esoteric traditions, philosophies, practices and rituals that are brought into the modern world. We are excited to share our newest and most innovative courses yet: The Adept Initiative and the Adept initiative II. 


These courses have been designed sequentially to advance the student along their path through life in a way that is powerful, insightful, authentic and transformative. You are going to be amazed with your results, and surprised just how potent these latent practices are. 


Let’s check out what our teacher, Jason, has prepared for you:


In the Adept Initiative you will learn to awaken your inner adept. What does it mean to be an adept? 


An adept is a person who is highly skilled at certain practices. The Adept Initiative initiates the student into their own inner brilliance by blending ancient wisdom with modern methodologies. Consider this the art of being a full actualized human being who just appears magical to those on the outside looking in. 


The modules in this course will allow the Adept the foundational ma–terials needed to begin their magical initiation. We will begin by exploring the True Will, the importance of Meditation, understanding Yoga and Yogic philosophies, learning about the subtle energies which direct our lives, financial security and many more foundational techniques that will ground you on your journey. The overall goal of the Adept Initiative is to secure stability so you can begin journeying safely to higher realms of existence.  


The Adept Initiative II will allow the Adept to launch into space, which is why it is very important to learn the techniques of grounding before taking this course. 


In this course, Jason will take you on a journey through the ten Sephiroth of the Tree of Life. At this point the adept will learn about the fundamentals of Ceremonial Ritual Magick, Symbolism, Astral pathworking, Elemental and Planetary Magick, as well as understanding correspondence tables and working with deities. 


Think of the Adept Initiative as planting your roots deeply into the Earth, and the Adept Initiative II as stretching out into the Heavens. 


These courses will be taught LIVE beginning in January and will last 12 weeks, with a month break in between. 


You may have noticed that there are several options to choose from:


Our Standard version of both Adept I & II allows the user full access to the course modules and the community forum. 


Our Premium users will have access to the Standard features as well as access to advanced modules, live group coaching, and a bonus workshop.


Our VIPs will have access to all of the Premium features with the exciting bonus of having 1-1 private coaching with our teacher, Jason. 


Because the world is in dire need of adepts shining their light, Jason has offered a bundle option that will allow the user to obtain maximum savings. Please check out our payment options below to customize your experience. 


“The unexamined life is not worth living.” -Socrates


Make your life a work of art, magick, and an expression of your highest most optimal self. Join us in January to begin the life you know you deserve.

